1. I woke up this morning and put my contact lenses on. I walked into the bathroom and did my morning routine. I looked outside, I saw the temperature of the day so I could pick out the approriate outfit. I made myself some breakfast and the lenses showed me how much calories I ate and remind me to drink more water so it's easier to keep track. Then I went for a hike. During the hike, I knew how far I am till summit the entire time, my heart rate, how fast I was going and how much calories that I was burning. 
	At work, I have to meet a lot of people. They're either collegues or new people because I work as a special agent. Whenever I meet someone new, I could see their criminal history or if there is anything important that the government thinks that is worth mentioning. My lenses have the most updated information from the government so whenever I look at someone, I would have all their personal information listed. This is very useful for my job as I interrogate suspects, I'm also getting some background knowledge of them. Or out in the field, the information helps me to know if their actions are caused by some trigger that we don't know. And they also allow me to see better in low light situations.
    After work, I went shopping. During the drive, I didn't have to look at a GPS device because I can just follow the route that I see on the road. I could also just play and change music without going on my phone which is good since I don't get distracted by other stuff on my phone. As I was picking out where I want to go for dinner, each resturant I looked at, I could see their ratings and specials. 
    By the time I got home, it was quite late already so I just got ready for bed as I'm writing this. 		
    
2. It was Christmas, my grandson bought me a present and I can't wait to open it because he is the best at picking gifts. He explained the gift to me when I was opening it. Oh, they are contact lenses I've been wanting to try them out for so long! My grandson also told me they are not just regular contact lenses they're AR lenses which took me a bit to understand what it is and what it does. 
	I can't wait to put them on so I can get rid of my ugly glasses. I walked into my bathroom, opened the box and started following the instructions. It was quite difficult to put them in my eyes since I have pretty shaky hands but I finally got them in. Everything looks kinda different with these lenses on. My vision is perfect now and I'm also seeing the addition things that my grandson told me about. I'm not sure if I like this or not but I want to give it a try. I sat down on my couch and grabbed a magazine. When I read, there is a lot of extra information as I'm looking at the images too. This is a little overwhelming with the information I'm getting. I don't know how to make it show less and because of the words on the side, I can't pay attention to my reading. I made some lunch and again, I got all this information that I don't necessary about the food that I was eating. I don't like how I everything sort of just floods in when I am just doing some simple daily tasks. It distracts me too much and I get less productive.
    I talked to my grandson on the phone about the lenses. He told me he thinks they are great and has no problem using them at all. And he thinks they help him a lot with some simple day-to-day stuff and was surprised when I told him that I don't like them that much. Well, I told him that I don't think I necessaily need them. I'd rather keep wearing my glasses when I need them because they cause more confusion to me and I can't figure out how to use them to the full extent. I'm sure they work amazingly for him but I just don't think they are for me.